docs(security): add section for tools (#3287)
cdr/code-server: docs/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

The code-server team (and Coder, the organization) care a lot about keeping the project secure and safe for end-users.

## Tools

> We use a combination of tools to help us stay up-to-date and fix vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
We use a combination of tools to help us stay on top of vulnerabilities.
```

- [dependabot](https://dependabot.com/)

>   - Automatically keeps code-server up-to-date by updating dependencies in response to security alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Submits pull requests to upgrade dependencies. We use dependabot's version upgrades as well as security updates.
```

>   - See alerts [here](https://github.com/cdr/code-server/security/dependabot).

Reviewer: suggest avoiding links to "here" as they are less accessible (screen readers won't read them correctly), and the short links are harder to press on a phone. Also, non-maintainers won't be able to see that page (try opening it in an Incognito window) so it doesn't seem useful to link to it

Author: Ah good point about screen readers - forgot about that. And totally thought they were open to non-maintainers 😬

Good call. I'll remove.

- code-scanning
  - [CodeQL](https://securitylab.github.com/tools/codeql/)
    - Semantic code analysis engine that runs on a [regular schedule](../.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml#L9-L11).
  - [trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy)

>     - Comprehensive vulnterability scanner that runs on PRs into the default branch and scans both our [Docker image](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L410-L439)) and [repository code](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L444-L466).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Comprehensive vulnerability scanner that runs on PRs into the default branch and scans both our [Docker image](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L410-L439) and [repository code](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L444-L466).
```

'lil typo

  - See alerts [here](https://github.com/cdr/code-server/security/code-scanning).
- [`audit-ci`](https://github.com/IBM/audit-ci)

>   - Audits npm and Yarn dependencies [in CI](../.github/workflows/ci.yaml#L46-L48) on PRs into the default branch and fails CI if [moderate or higher vulnerabilities](../ci/dev/audit.sh#L7-L9) are present.

Reviewer 2: I love the reference to the call in the `ci` folder

Reviewer: A risk of these is that the line references will become outdated when we modify the workflows, so I'd suggest using a written reference to the job and workflow names instead. Alternatively, we could use a permalink reference (to a specific commit) so that the line numbers won't move around on us?

Author: Ahhh good call on becoming outdated quickly. I'll change to a written reference to the job and workflow name!
